mock rfluka executable resolves #637 (#642)
DataMedSci/pymchelper: tests/res/mocks/README.md

# Simulator mocks

> This directory contains mocks for the simulator. They are used to test the simulator without having real fluka binaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains mocks for the simulator. They are used to test the simulator without having real  binaries (which requires licence, hence we cannot commit them to this repo).
```
